Casey cook is at withdrawn teenager
having been molested as a child by her
uncle John who has been her legal
guardian since her father died from a
heart attack she and her classmates
Claire and Marsha are kidnapped by Kevin
Wendell Crum a man suffering from
dissociative identity disorder kevin is
in therapy with dr. Karen Fletcher who
has identified 23 distinct personalities
within Kevin in his mind these
personalities sit in chairs in a room
waiting for Barry the dominant
personality to grant them their turn in
the light meeting in control of Kevin
she has also found that Kevin's
physiology changes with each personality
recently Barry has refused to allow
Dennis or Patricia their turns in part
due to Dennis's tendencies towards
bothering underage girls and Patricia's
undesirable traits and also because both
appear to worship the Beast a yet unseen
24th personality Fletcher has found that
she can bring back Kevin's own
personality by speaking his full name
Kevin locks the girls in a Cell in his
underground quarters they recognize he
has a disorder and Claire attempts to
use this to escape but is caught by
Dennis and separated from the others
Kevin continues going to work and
attending appointments with Fletcher
Fletcher soon recognizes that Dennis has
displaced Barry as the dominant
personality it's revealed that when
Kevin was a child his father left on a
train one day and never returned as he
grew up Kevin was abused and terrorized
by his mother who suffered from OCD he
later experienced an awkward incident
with two teenage girls where they forced
Kevin to touch their breasts which
Fletcher believes has triggered Dennis
to take over and that he may have
abducted the three missing girls Marcia
attempts to escape but is caught by
Patricia
Casey befriends Hedwig one of Kevin's
personalities who acts like a young boy
she convinces Hedwig to let her out of
her cell to see his bedroom believing
that there might be a means of escape
through the window Hedwig is described
in that room but she finds that it is
only a drawing of a window she takes a
walkie talkie from Hedwig and uses it to
call for help but the man at the other
end thinks it's a prank
Patricia takes over and subdues Casey
Fletcher visits Kevin's home where he
reveals that he has met the Beast
Fletcher pretends that she needs to go
to the bathroom but instead searches the
house and finds Claire
Dennis suddenly appears sedates Fletcher
and locks her up Dennis then boards an
abandoned train similar to the one that
crashed and killed his father which
allows the Beast to finally take over
giving Kevin superhuman
ladies Fletcher writes Kevin's full name
on a piece of paper before the Beast
arrives and kills her Casey escapes from
her cell only to find that the Beast has
already devoured Marcia and watches in
horror as he devours Claire - Casey
finds Fletcher's body and the piece of
paper the Beast approaches her but she
calls up Kevin's full name bringing
Kevin's personality to the forefront
upon learning of the situation and
realizing that he has not been in
control for two years a horrified Kevin
begs Casey to kill him with a shotgun he
has hidden this prompts all 24
personalities to fight for control of
the light but the Beast takes hold again
Casey retrieves the gun and ammunition
before escaping into an underground
tunnel where she shoots the Beast twice
to no effect she locks herself in a
caged area but the Beast begins to pull
the bars apart then he sees faded scars
across her body a sign of her past abuse
having previously declared his plans to
rid the world of the impure and
untouched those who have never suffered
he considers Casey to be pure so he
spares her and he runs off Casey is
rescued and learns that she was being
held at the Philadelphia Zoo where Kevin
had been an employee when Casey is asked
if she is ready to return home with her
uncle she hesitates to answer in another
hideout
Dennis Patricia and Hedwig discussed the
power of the beast and their plans to
change the world in a diner several
patrons watch as a news correspondent
reports that Kevin's numerous
personalities have earned him the
nickname the Horde one patron notes the
similarities of the case of a
wheelchair-bound criminal incarcerated
15 years earlier who was also given a
nickname as she tries to remember the
name the man sitting next to her David
Dunn says it was mr. glass
thus connecting split to the 2000 movie
unbreakable
you